AI #2334: Align remaining normative requirement inconsistencies with updated guidelines (#2344)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/datasets/cost_and_usage/columns/skupriceid.md

  * SkuPriceId MAY match SkuId.
  * SkuPriceId MUST be associated with a given [*resource*](#glossary:resource) or [*service*](#glossary:service) when ChargeCategory is "Usage" or "Purchase".
  * SkuPriceId MUST reference a *SKU Price* in a service-provider-supplied *price list*, enabling the lookup of detailed information about the *SKU Price*.

>   * SkuPriceId MUST identify the [ListUnitPrice](#datasets.costandusage.listunitprice) when the service provider publishes unit prices exclusive of discounts.

Reviewer: I'm not sure about the verb choice on this one either.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* SkuPriceId MUST be a valid reference to the [ListUnitPrice](#datasets.costandusage.listunitprice) when the service provider publishes unit prices exclusive of discounts.
```

Reviewer: I like it better, but is SkuPriceId a reference to ListUnitPrice? Maybe they're associated...
```suggestion
  * SkuPriceId MUST be associated with [ListUnitPrice](#datasets.costandusage.listunitprice) when the service provider publishes unit prices exclusive of discounts.
```

Does this statement still have meaning?

> * SkuPriceId MUST be a valid reference to the [ListUnitPrice](#datasets.costandusage.listunitprice) when the service provider publishes unit prices exclusive of discounts.

Reviewer: Looks like we lost the indentation when that suggestion was merged.

```suggestion
  * SkuPriceId MUST be a valid reference to the [ListUnitPrice](#datasets.costandusage.listunitprice) when the service provider publishes unit prices exclusive of discounts.
```

>   * SkuPriceId MUST identify the [ContractedUnitPrice](#datasets.costandusage.contractedunitprice) when the service provider supports negotiated pricing concepts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * SkuPriceId MUST be a valid reference to the [ContractedUnitPrice](#datasets.costandusage.contractedunitprice) when the service provider supports negotiated pricing concepts.
```

>   * SkuPriceId MUST be sufficient to verify the given [ContractedUnitPrice](#datasets.costandusage.contractedunitprice) when the service provider supports negotiated pricing concepts.

Reviewer 2: How about:

```suggestion
  * SkuPriceId MUST identify the [ListUnitPrice](#datasets.costandusage.listunitprice) when the service provider publishes unit prices exclusive of discounts.
  * SkuPriceId MUST identify the [ContractedUnitPrice](#datasets.costandusage.contractedunitprice) when the service provider supports negotiated pricing concepts.
```

Author: @shawnalpay, looks like the indentation before the fist sub-bullet in this suggestion was removed by mistake. Could you please edit the suggestion. thanks!

Reviewer 2: Done - sorry!

Author: np. on the contrary!
